---
layout: post
title: "The fence"
---

The heat was unbearable. The sun was burning the ground. I had the feeling I should not get out of bed. It was a cold heavy feeling, you know there is a big chance the day will have something bad for you, but I ignored the feeling. I needed fresh air.

Just when I decided to move, a text sneaked in to my phone, asking me to meet with a friend at the other side of the city. That was my sign, I got up, and got my stuff and left the house.

Just as I expected, the sun immediately start to burn my skin, but I had no choice, the station is almost 2 km away from my place. I walked to the end of street to the bus stop. It has a little shelter, but it won&#39;t protect you from the sun, nor the heat, but that was not the purpose why I aimed for that. I just had to change to get my skates on, however, something wasn&#39;t right. I felt it, but I ignored the feeling, and start to roll.

I was rolling slowly up to the hill when my wheel founda crack thar I hadn&#39;t seen. That was the moment, when saw it, the fence dancing in red, with a smooth welded top. I tried my best to keep rolling till the fence, and I made it, but when my hand touched the top, the trap closed on me, it wasn&#39;t welded it was just duct tape, which has no power against the sharp edges beneath, and metal spikes like hot knives in butter went through my hand cutting it to pieces. The sharp pain went across my nerves to my brain in under a second.

The next thing I saw was the pavement and my blood rolling across it like a little creek. I hadn&#39;t eaten a single bite before, and I felt dizzy and then I felt sick in my stomach.

From the blurry background noise I heard a voice cutting through:

-Are you okay?

-No, I need help....

This was the moment, this was the bad luck which was hiding in the left pocket of the day. Waiting for me to leave the house, the safety of my room, and strike me with no mercy whatsoever.

After spending 2 days at the hospital and meeting new doctors every half an hour, I ended up at the plastic surgery ward, where I met with a hand specialist, who was able to stitch my hand together, and start my four week recovery.

Will this stop me skating across the city? No, I don&#39;t think so. The only thing which would change in the future I might just fall on my face next time, I am not happy with my nose you know...