I was thinking so long, what should I write this week. There are so many old stories, and most of them are freaking funny, but I think I will just share one, which is just a good memory.

This story took place in 2017. I can&#39;t remember the exact date, but it was around the beginning of August. My contract with the restaurant was slowly coming to an end. I was full of hope, I had a goal: I wanted to be a barista in London. I sent my CV to a lot of places, but only one replied to me. I remember I was so happy all day, till I realised, London is almost 8 hours away. At that time I had just 1 day off per week, so I had to be clever. Thankfully I was surroundedby good people, and they helped me make it to the interview.

First of all because my shift was 7am till 9pm (plus cleaning), there was no bus service to Plymouth, but our bar manager gave me a lift to Kingsbridge, where I met with one of the waitresses who was not working at the following day, and could give me a ride to Plymouth.

When we arrived to the city pretty much everything was closed, we had a couple of drinks at a local bar, but that was closing soon. Unfortunately, my company had to leave, because it was very late and she had university the following day. So I was left alone in the cold Plymouth night. My bus was departing at 1am. I still had a few hours to kill.

I ended up walking around the city. The roads were dead. There was not a single soul on the streets. I was tired and hungry. While I was roaming the empty streets I found a place which was open for 24 hours. It was kind of a university bar or something. There was junk food, which was very overpriced, and coffee. Oh, yes, I thought I can have some coffee, it will keep me awake and warm me up. Well there were a lot of coffee drinks on the menu. I saw the method they were making that black pissthat they were calling coffee, and I was not impressed one bit about the fact that they are still allowed to be open.

I tried to order one with some chilli, just to get some taste out of it, but I was informed thatit was not available right now. After 10 minutes I was aware of there is nothingavailable except the one with maple syrup. I kindly ordered the drink asking just for the tiniestamount of syrup that he could possibly put in the drink. Well, let&#39;s just say there was more syrup in that cup than black water, because you can&#39;t call that coffee either.

The time passed slowly, and at around 20 minutes passed midnight, I made my move to the coach station. I was soo relieved when I finally could sit down on the bus, it was warm and I fell asleep immediately. After 5 hours, I was woken up by the noise of the other passengers. Yes, we had arrived. Here I was, in &quot;The City&quot;, now I just had to figure out what I could do until 11am.

I ended up walking from the Victoria coach station to Soho. I spent a lot of time just being amazed by morning in London, taking so many pictures, watching the sun rising. I was in love, this love is still in my heart. London is the place where I belong, it can be harsh, it is changing a lot, I am changing a lot, but it will still my favourite place on earth.

After a couple of hours of walking, i find a place what I haven&#39;t seen before. That was the crosstown doughnuts in Soho. I ended up eating a nice doughnut and having a coffee, finally I had a coffee. It was unbelievable, and so good. I spent another hour sitting there and chatting with the staff, till there was just 20 minutes left to my interview. So I kindly thanked them for the coffee and left.

There it was, I was standing in front of the biggest Tap coffee shop, the 193. My heart was racing, and I was shaking. I slowly entered the building and someone greeted me with a smiley face and I forgot my own name at that point. It took me a minute or so, which felt like an eternity, to finally tell them who I was and why I was there, but it was fine, and later the interview went well. They asked me if I just travelled that far for that particular interview, I didn&#39;t want to look like an idiot, so I said no, I have a couple more, but I am sure they saw through me.

So, I basically travelled a lot just to show my skills, they put me on a quick trial to see my barista skills in person. I wasn&#39;t that fast because I had just cut of the end of my finger a couple of days earlier, but they liked me.

After I left and I met up some old friends from the time when I first moved to London a year ago, but that didn&#39;t go well and I ended up moving back to Hungary, that is a different story...

So I met with my friends and while we were visiting the Harry Potter store at the King&#39;s Cross station, I received a text from the shop, they were telling me I was really good, but I was living too far away, if I could move to London they would hire me. I replied immediately with the answer: when do they want me to start? I could move to London at the end of the month, when my contract terminates. There were a couple of messages to make sure I was able to move to London, but I think my answers revealed I would do anything just to be hired, so they did. I was happy. I could move to London, and I was already hired at my favourite company. I felt like the king of the world. I still had to tell the owners of the restaurant I was leaving on a specific day, but that time nothing could ruin my happiness.

This is the story of the end of my summer 2017 when I moved to London. When everything started. The good and the bad...